docs(*): Less Fermyon, more Spin (#27)
spinframework/spin-docs: content/v1/ai-sentiment-analysis-api-tutorial.md

### Building and Deploying Your Spin Application

> **Note:** Running inferencing on localhost (your CPU) is not as optimal as deploying to Fermyon Cloud's Serverless AI (where inferencing is performed by high-powered GPUs). You can skip this `spin build --up` step and move straight to `spin cloud deploy` if you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Running inferencing on localhost (your CPU) is not as optimal as deploying to a dedicated Serverless AI platform (where inferencing is performed by high-powered GPUs). You can skip this `spin build --up` step and move straight to deployment if you:
```

I realise there is likely to be more to do here so if you'd prefer to leave as is (so we can more easily find it in a later cloud purge) then no worries.

Author: I'll update these here, thanks -- however, yes, as anticipated, we'll need a few more dedicated iterations to purge Cloud references.
